[EDIT] CSS Background: background-color - Add media to show output (#3986)
Codecademy/docs: content/css/concepts/background/terms/background-color/background-color.md

}
```

> ![Image showing h1 element with green background over an aquamarine background](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/css-background-color-example-1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Shows h1 element with green background over an aquamarine background](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/css-background-color-example-1.png)
```

  background-color: transparent;
}
```

> ![Image showing h1 element with transparent background over an aquamarine background](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/css-background-color-example-2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Shows h1 element with transparent background over an aquamarine background](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/css-background-color-example-2.png)
```
